hi this is the hand of mishti max and
today I'm going to show you a
leopard-print manicure with these
beautiful black roses I received from
born pretty store and have reviewed on
my blog linked in the description box to
create these nails you will need golden
black nail polish dotting tools golden
black acrylic paint a glitter top coat
and some hex flutter pieces also from
blonde pretty and of course the 3d roses
you'll be able to check out more details
and photos on my blog linked in the
description box let's get spotted first
to protect the nails a used OPI nail
lady strengthening base coat then for
the gold background I used fun lack of
bail from a princess collection it's a
demure gold with a scattered holographic
sparkle or the accent nails I grabbed my
old glitter gal serpent black for a
black base I coated the ring finger and
thumb nails I applied a second coat of
bail to the other nails as well then for
the spots I went for fun lack of gold
mark and I decanted some out onto a
business card then use a dotting tool to
pick up the holographic gold glitter
pieces and place them on the nail is
polka dot pattern like this grabbing
another daughter tool and some black
acrylic paint I got at the dollar store
I squeeze one out on the card and
created the details around the dots of
glitter
I doubt like the excess paint on the
card after I dip the dotting tool into
the paint to make sure the details you
want too thick I whipped out the gold
acrylic paint and smoosh some out
getting empty leopard spots on the ring
accent now I use the same sized dotting
tool and just created the parentheses
shaped details I also decided to add
some dots in between the spots fill out
the design and make it look more like a
leopard pattern for a little something
special I got out my gold loose hex
glitters rom the born pretty store and
pour some out for 2 / I user Sri dry
fast top coat and applied a generous
group to adhere the glitter then I
grabbed a donut wheel with a touch of
polish on it and picked up the hex
clutter pieces to place it on the sides
of the nail leaving the center line bear
and for some more shiny gold I chose
these square studs in this will from
born pretty story then after another
layer of top coat I apply them in a
straight line down the center with my
own belly jelly on a stick and push them
into the top coat for the final steps i
applied seche vite dry fast top coat to
all the other nails and I got out these
gorgeous black metal 3d roses from born
pretty and I applied them at the cuticle
of all my nails digging them up with
them belly jelly and pressing them down
with my finger to secure this you can
also use nail glue if you want them to
stay on for a longer time and there we
have it some sexy sassy leopard print
nails with gold holographic spots and
stud detail and roses to top it all off
i hope you enjoyed this tutorial for
some different ways to use your glitter
top coats and dotting tools and have
some fun with statement embellishments
you can click the screen to see the
review i have on these foreign pretty
roses they come in many different colors
on our spectacular addition to a special
manicure don't forget to check my blog
for more pictures and all the product
details you can click the screen and
i'll check your description box for
morena sh t max check the description
box for all my social media links I'm
initiative X everywhere and I'll see you
there